This is a portfolio of work that I have done whilst at SNT media and CommSys. 

Files in the TCX folder contain work on a project that helped create unique article pages about college and professional football games using current and live data feeds; some of which were altered by our AI code base. All data came through api calls to the backend and were in a JSON format. This was all done within the Angular 2 framework and is comprised of coding languages such as Typescript, HTML, and .LESS.

Files in the commSys folder are snippets of code that I wrote at commSys. For security reasons; I cannot divulge much code from commSys. Some variable names have also been changed or removed. The process_response_data function's purpose is to take data from an api created by cakePHP. The code iterates through the api and creates an object of data for the frontend to display. It also checks the types of responses received. If those conditions are met then boolean variables are flagged true. Once that is complete then a switch statement goes in order of precedence to set the type. Depending on the type then an audio tone will play to alert the user of a new inbound transaction and the type. The newResponseCount function takes 2 arguments; count and type. This function will visually alert the user of a new transaction by changing the count and css of an alert tab. Finally, I have included a function from our mobile application. With the help of JQUERY, the scroll function will hide the header if the user scrolls down but once the user scrolls up then the header will display. 

I hope by using the two different employment examples that it will show some evolution within my coding practices. I am constantly growing in this field with no intention of stopping!
